Add new bluetooth APIs for working with unavailability timeout (#1935)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/core/bluetooth/api.md

cancel = bluetooth.async_track_unavailable(hass, _unavailable_callback, "44:44:33:11:23:42", connectable=True)
```

> ### Finding out the unavailability timeout

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Finding out the availability timeout
```

> There is no availability timeout for connectable devices - a device must be connectable by at least one `connectable` controller or unavailable.
> 
> For non-connectable devices, availability is based on the time since the device's last known broadcast. This timeout is learned automatically based on the device's regular broadcasting pattern. You can find out this with the `bluetooth.async_get_learned_advertising_interval` API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Availability is based on the time since the device's last known broadcast. This timeout is learned automatically based on the device's regular broadcasting pattern. You can find out this with the `bluetooth.async_get_learned_advertising_interval` API.
```

Since we don't stay connected all the time we still rely on the advertisement being recent to know if a connectable device is available or not.

> For connectable devices there is no unavailability timeout - a device must be connectable by at least one `connectable` controller or it is unavailable.
> 
> For non-connectable devices unavailability is based on the time since their last known broadcast. This timeout is learned automatically based on the devices normal broadcasting pattern. You can find out what this is with the `bluetooth.async_get_learned_advertising_interval` API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is no availability timeout for connectable devices - a device must be connectable by at least one `connectable` controller or unavailable.
		
For non-connectable devices, availability is based on the time since the device's last known broadcast. This timeout is learned automatically based on the device's regular broadcasting pattern. You can find out this with the `bluetooth.async_get_learned_advertising_interval` API.
```

```python
from homeassistant.components import bluetooth

learned_interval = bluetooth.async_get_learned_advertising_interval(hass, "44:44:33:11:23:42")
```

> If the interval is not yet known this will return `None`. In that case unavailability tracking will try the fallback interval for that address. This is an interval that has been set manually by an integration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the advertising interval is not yet known, this will return `None`. In that case, unavailability tracking will try the fallback interval for that address. The below example returns the interval that has been set manually by an integration:
```
